hello everyone I have a mystery box
today I did not expect to get this in
the mail I sort of don't even know who
it's from but I have my suspicions and
yeah I usually keep track of what I'm
expecting to get in the mail and I was
only expecting like one thing this week
which was a box from a guy in Japan but
I so yeah I came home and this was like
right there on my porch I was like what
the heck I didn't order anything and
it's kind of a heavy box too it's like I
would say it's just a little under 20
pounds so it's got something valuable in
there I don't know kind of shaking it a
little but anyways we're gonna find out
together what this is again I don't know
what this is I didn't order it I haven't
gotten an email telling me that I should
be receiving something like this and but
I'm pretty sure it's probably something
for me to review so as you guys know I
believe in full disclosure and I'm
telling you this just so you know
there's no backroom deal or anything
this is just what happened I wish there
was a better story to go with this but
no I just got it and so now I'm gonna
find out what it is but yeah cuz I know
that some people are gonna be like oh
why are you doing sponsored deals and
you're not disclosing it well there's
nothing to disclose because there is no
deal I didn't take any agreement I have
no clue it's in here but also for
whatever I review that's in here right
now I'm cutting it with an exacto knife
the tape and everything right now with
this I did not pay for it whatever it is
in here I did not pay for it so just
make sure to keep that in mind if I
review it you might say I'm biased but
I'm gonna try to be unbiased and as I
always am regardless of whether I get
this for free or not so hopefully I
could do that but you guys can tell me
but either way I did not pay for this so
just make sure to keep that in mind but
also there is no deal I don't have any
agreement to do a positive review or
anything alright first thing out of the
box what is it
bubble wrap oh very good I like this
kind of bowl we're up okay what's next
I feel something good ooh gamer's tank I
knew it okay so here's what I saw on the
return address
it's Fallout games over in Arizona which
i think is where the whole gamers tech
operate
is run from and okay cool so I got this
gamers tech goes to a regular Genesis
plug cool
oh god this feels really nice this feels
way better than the other ones that I'm
used to I'm used to dealing with this
feels really good okay we're gonna get
to this later but let's look at what
else is in here this is s video cable
Genesis cable I don't know something
like that
cables more cables Oh fami commish type
of controller oh wow it goes to USB so
awesome oh I love the Famicom style I do
have a Famicom a real one and focus
focus camera yeah it's not cooperating
there we go alright so yeah but the
Famicom is just a sexy device and you
can tell this isn't a sticker this is
actually like metal leaf stuff so that
looks like it's gonna be pretty cool and
then the rest of it is a big box what is
it this is gonna be probably the
centerpiece of it let's see let's see
what another snus alright I did get a
common in I thought I just recently a
few days ago I haven't even had a chance
to respond to it but Zed from gamers
tech that's what that's the reason why I
thought hey this is probably from yellow
the gamers tech guys
Zed got back to me and he told me that
he heard about my complaints with the
senescent rollers on this that it really
just does not feel like ass Ness
controller in fact I think I even said
that's the weak point of the console I
accept I also had some problems with a
super Gameboy support I know the audio
was a little a little weird it was
really kind of muffled if I remember
correctly I don't know but either way I
think that the weak point of this
console was the controllers because they
just don't feel like original stuff they
work but they just don't feel right
they're a little stiff they're not as
bouncy as a Nintendo original and stuff
it just didn't feel right but which was
really out of character for them because
again the NES controller they have
perfected it even this one I can tell
it's it is the one that is like the
better hardware I would hope it would be
and also has this little
thing right here on the cable which kind
of gives you that impression and so this
is their layer design and their layer
design is perfect these are perfect
absolutely absolutely perfect
replacements for original Nintendo stuff
because they feel exactly the same so
that was really a character for them to
have snez pads which just don't really
feel right especially when a company
like well what is that
retro bit the people who make the super
retro trio that's that Super NES pad is
perfect that one is absolutely perfect
so let's stop jibber jabbering and open
this up and see if they and they made
those improvements to the controller
because that told me that you did so
let's see very cool we've already seen
this before I'm gonna test this again
just to see if they may be maybe
improved on the what is it the super
Gameboy stuff but I'm not holding out
hope for that he never said he did so
it'll just be interesting to see and
let's see oh hey there we go
zedd that's what I'm talking about hell
yeah okay this feels good alright and
another thing that they improved I
remember the starting select on the old
model they were plastic like hard
plastic so that also it's a little
pedantic but us gamers were the most
pedantic picky on the
planet and anyways though but these ones
they are rubber so that feels really
nice and the buttons they feel great oh
god I can't wait to test this out and
the d-pad it also feels pretty pretty
nice you see it doesn't bother him out
I've got all my pressure my thumb
pressure on the d-pad right here on the
center and I could still choose
different directions that's great
oh god yeah this feels solid it feels
solid because even he the super retro
trio controllers that actually broke one
already I think I just dropped down the
ground one too many times when you know
I was putting away the console
yeah I I broke it the inside screw
points like came loose so the thing like
would always come apart and then I
couldn't like make good contact on the
buttons so I'm down one controller on
that but this one feels good this could
be a good replacement but still I watch
right out on this and just saw something
else in here what is this wait what
there's nothing written on it caution
okay this not only do we have a mystery
box we have a mystery cart I don't know
what the hell this thing is
what else is in here okay power brick
hard brick feels a little heavy I think
yeah I think if I remember correctly the
other one was heavy too when we first
got it oh god these controllers they
feel great they've made some improvement
already but I'm gonna see if it works on
the console itself too yeah that's it
nothing else in the box just in there
and there you go guys like I said I mean
there is no deal going on he didn't even
call it a letter or anything telling me
like oh make sure to review the stuff he
just knows if you send something to me
I'm gonna review it and yeah
this is really the only thing that comes
with just this regular thank you for
your purchase look you know a little
instruction stuff alright we got to take
a look at this I hope that they made
some improvements I can already tell
that they improved the controllers and
then we're gonna find out what the hell
is this does it does even work on a NES
or a snez I don't know we're gonna find
out alright we're already off to a bad
start
wonderful I tried out that mystery
cartridge and yes it does work on an NES
and it is some sort of multicart but the
damn thing doesn't work it will bring
you to the game selection screen but
anytime that I try to choose something
it just resets the cartridge and I've
tried everything I hit every button and
I mean it works on the NES so I tried
all four buttons in all four directions
but nothing seems to matter just by
looking at the tiles though I'm pretty
sure this is like a Chinese bootleg
multicart
it doesn't look like something in the
gamers tech would sell so I figured that
they just kind of looked at my channel
and realize that I like obscure Chinese
crap where and then they have this line
around so they just decided to throw it
in I wish I could play it by just one
work I don't know maybe something
happened during shipping but it just
doesn't work so we're moving on alright
guys I'm back and I've got a whole mess
of controllers and wires over here my
feet I'm probably gonna trip and kill
myself but before I do that let's talk
about the gamers txt 16-bit Super NES
clone now let's talk about the console
itself I was I was not expecting any
improvements since we saw it last time
and so it really just has the same
problems they had back then they're
really just identical again I didn't
expect any improvements but just defer
to my old video if you want to know how
that one did really the sound is just
coming a little bit too hot still so not
only is it a little bit too loud and you
would think that that would be you know
easy enough to correct you just lower
the volume but it's actually not that
easy because since it's a little bit
louder than it should be it's hard to
find the good zone where you know it's
not too loud and not too quiet so in
other words in other words when you're
when you're messing with the volume the
actual volume ticker is a little bit
more sensitive than you would expect it
to be but otherwise it is still
serviceable and like I said before the
signal is extremely clean it is one of
the cleanest clone system signals I've
ever seen it it really is amazing but
yeah so that's a really good strong su
but of course the weakest part of the
console is the super Gameboy support the
super Game Boy games they just don't
really work well as far as gameplay wise
are okay but the sound is just horrible
it's way too loud it's over modulated
it's just not very good but I'm not sure
if that's really something that I should
hold against it that much because I
don't know just from reading the
comments on on other forums and whatnot
I've been noticing that a lot of people
they don't like the super Gameboy as
much as I do I think they just don't
like the color palette that the super
Gameboy puts out and so I don't know if
that's a deal killer for you then this
clone console probably isn't for you but
if you're like most of the retro
community as I think I've seen then
super Gameboy compatibility probably
won't mean a lot to you and therefore
you shouldn't really see that as you
know deal killer but otherwise I think I
did say in the last review I actually
didn't review it I should have
but I think I said that I would
recommend the console as long as you use
original controllers because the
controllers that came bundled with it
were not working I mean they did work
but they just didn't work well it didn't
feel right and it didn't feel like
original Super NES stuff this one though
it is is just incredible it really does
feel like the real thing so show you the
real thing right here and as you can see
the proportions are all right so I mean
it uses all the correct materials you
know like the rubber right here instead
of the hard plastic the shoulder buttons
they feel they feel decent they feel
exactly the same actually and the d-pad
I gotta say it feels just fine as well
a lot of people they were always telling
me with that old gamers text to bring a
Super NES reviewer they're like what are
you talking about it looks it looks fine
you know you just don't know what a real
what a new Super NES pad feels like out
of the box well no I I dunno what it
feels like I mean I've I've been retro
gaming for you know over ten years and
plus I had played these you know when I
was a kid so I know what a Super NES pay
is supposed to feel like and those first
controllers we looked at with the first
unit they were not Super NES pads they
did not feel like it at all the buttons
were too tall they were too stiff that
the d-pad was too stiff also so it just
didn't work but with these ones though
even the buttons they feel they feel
alright they feel great especially the a
and B but I do have to complain about
the Y and X because for some reason I
don't know if you guys can see it let me
see if I think we could see right here
cuz look okay I'm holding them together
right here parallel with each other and
I don't know if you guys can notice it
but I'm the real Super NES pad the
buttons sit a little bit higher so maybe
they're having the opposite problem now
that the buttons are saying too low and
not only that but when you push the
buttons you see like on the real Super
NES I push the button and it doesn't go
in all the way it stops itself right
there with these ones though I push it
and it sinks like right into the
controller so that doesn't feel like a
real Super NES pad but considering the
old controllers and how much of a mess
that was I guys say this is a 10 tenfold
improvement
is it feels right so it might feel a
little bit different but it is
absolutely a pad that you can use every
day so I gotta say that they made a
really big improvement with this and
like I said in that review that that I
would recommend it except to use the
original controllers now I could say
with that with that console I 100%
recommend it use the controllers that
come with it as long as they're the
updated controllers like this it's not
something that I would have bought
because I already have a real Super NES
and the retro the super retro trio
basically I have all my bases covered
but for people who don't people want a
cheaper option for a Super NES clone for
playing Super NES games that might be a
cheaper option the getting the real
hardware and I think it's gonna deliver
just the same results pretty much but
anyway so let's move on so next we have
the gamers Tech 6 button Genesis
controller now one of the things I have
to say though is the Genesis it's
something that I'm not entirely familiar
with it's a little handicap for me
because I didn't grow up with one and
also I'm not really a big collector of
Genesis games so I do have a few games I
like there are definitely some games
like you know subterranea that I think
are just fantastic and I love but I'm
not really 100% familiar with Genesis
Hardware so I'm just not really the
biggest Sega fan and because of that I'm
kind of at a disadvantage but this is
obviously a Sega 6 button controller and
I gotta say it feels great it just seats
right in the palm of your hands it just
feels so good and the buttons they feel
right as well one of the things I never
liked about Sega buttons though is that
they you press it down with a thunk it's
just thunk thunk-thunk whereas like in
it like a Nintendo or an NES I won't
worry about the controller but even like
the Super NES controller it has like
these light taps that you could do to it
but with Genesis it's always this heavy
thunk of a of each button press and that
also goes for the d-pad
I'm not a big fan of the shield type
d-pad as I think they call these and but
otherwise it feels just like Sega
hardware
really does and in fact usually usually
with a clone system you would get this
you would get a little 6 button
controller that looks like this and as
you can see they're a little bit shorter
so as you can see right here you know
what it's a better comparison if I do it
this way there you go as you could see
it's almost like the handles are longer
but the actual face spuntz and
everything they still correspond however
and you know what I don't even know
where I got this clone control I think
it was probably got it my spare and
Aliexpress for like 3 bucks or something
way back when and as you can see the
buttons they're actually not very good
on this this isn't a controller that
would recommend the buns makes it way
too high look at this look at this
record look at this but what's going on
here this is like a it's like a tooth
look look how deep it goes but and then
as far as these ones they're just great
they said just normally at least from
what I can tell I don't think I have a
real Saiga 6 button controller I do have
the Genesis one which I heard is
terrible which I kinda have to agree
that it's not the best the best
controller the North American Sega
Saturn controller but with this I think
from what I've been able to see I did a
quick google image search and I think
that this is pretty much the dimensions
including the longer you know grip right
here I think this is what the original
Sega 6 button controller was was like
and I can't say if it is or not like I
said I'm not familiar with Sega stuff as
much as I am with Nintendo or other
systems but I guys say this is this
all-round is just a great controller so
I would recommend it and of course the
output though it does not go USB it goes
to you know just regular 9-pin so you
can only use this with Genesis or if
you're like me and you have the super
retro trio I was able to use on that and
it works perfectly so I would say that
this is something that I could recommend
if you're looking for something like
this this is a great option right here
but let's move on alright and now we
move on to the hybrid Famicom NES
controller thingy so yeah unlike the
other two that we just looked at this
one was not based
Don you know original hardware that came
out unless you're talking about just you
know the bare bones of you know it being
an NES controller clone so yeah but
Nintendo never made one that had you
know the red for Famicom and then the
gold plate right here so this is pretty
unique and I gotta say that it looks
they look sharp I really like it so it
is a different take on that of course if
you're a purist and you really want one
that you know looks just like the NES
controller that you grew up with then
this probably isn't the one for you but
for me I think it does look unique and I
like it so otherwise as far as the
controls go it just feels great I mean
it is really just you know a clone of
the old NES controller and it works
brilliantly I mean the buttons like I
said it has that Nintendo bouncy feel
right there it's not that Sega thunk and
yeah the d-pad feels great I mean it is
a proper d-pad so that feels great
really this just feels just like an old
NES pad and as far as using it though of
course this one it goes to a USB so this
is good for emulators and so I did go
ahead and try it on a few emulators I
was just thinking like what are some of
the systems that use basically two
buttons in a d-pad so I try to course
NES I've tried Game Boy Game Gear Master
System even sg-1000 the old Sega system
they only released in Japan and the
predates the game The Master System of
course and also turbo graphics 16 and so
I tried all those and they all work
flawlessly it is just a great controller
to use for those and usually in the
emulators it is and I can tell you with
all those emulators I tried it just was
the easiest thing to setup in the world
I mean really you just go down to
configure or tools and or you know input
or something and you find the little
setting to configure the controller and
then I'll bring you to a screen that
tells you you know okay tell me what up
is what down is left right B a start
select and so really just input those
and that's it and then it knows your
controller and it works perfectly
absolutely perfectly with emulators in
fact this actually got me into playing a
couple games on emulator that I've been
wanting to play and I just haven't
really gotten around to it yet
like for instance I
what is that hero on the sg-1000 I
always heard about the port of hero2
sg-1000 and I gotta say that is a really
good port right there of that game and
with this controller with you know this
perfect d-pad perfect buttons I gotta
tell you I think that that is the
definitive way of playing hero now I
have always been one that defends the
original Atari 2600 version of the game
but with that SP 1000 port I gotta say
that is an incredibly good port and
again with this controller I've been
playing for hours I'm not kidding you
for hours playing that game and in fact
you know what let me see if you can tell
I don't know if you could tell on my
thumbs but with this one there's a
little bit of redness over here at the
joint and that's because I'm already
gained s Calais as I like to call it any
kid from that era can tell you the the
NES controller it's like Diamond hard
right here on all the corners and
everything so yeah you just have your
thumb on there all day and then it's
just gonna chew it all up so I'm already
getting that and I got a feeling that
maybe with the NES classic re-release
it's coming out later this year I got a
feeling that there's gonna be people
complaining about that mark my words on
social media you're gonna see people
complain about NES callous Ness callous
you know affecting them on their thumb
but yeah so other than that which you
would expect with you know an NES
controller I gotta say this is just
great I would recommend it and one of
the things I guys say those just be
careful with with it when you're getting
it because of course I think this is
gonna be obvious for anybody who's
getting this but you're not gonna be
able to play a lot of modern games with
this so like for instance I went through
my Steam library to try find any games
that would work with it and I was
actually able to get super meatboy to
work with this just out of the box but
the only problem is that the BNA buttons
were reversed so that felt a little
awkward but otherwise yeah there are
some games that will work with this and
but it's not gonna be as may as like
what you'll get with an Xbox 360
controller uh if you want to play modern
modern indie games you know with a
controller and you only want one
controller I would say definitely get
the get the Xbox 360 controller but if
you want to play some classic games and
you want to you know feel
really good and really familiar you know
in a call back to you know your your
youth and I would say even the best way
of playing them you know just with a
simple the perfect d-pad I would say and
then you know with just regular buttons
then this is a great way to play it and
in fact I'm not sure if it even works
with it but I will find a way to get it
to work if it doesn't but I do not have
shovel not yet because I'm a cheap
bastard and I'm gonna wait for a good
sale so I don't have shoulder not yet
and plus I have a huge backlog that that
I need to get to so but once I get to
shovel knight' once I actually do get
the game I am gonna play it with this
definitely I'm gonna play with this and
yeah yeah I'm gonna play with this said
you're not getting this controller back
in fact there I licked it it's mine
you're not getting it back dude
and yeah so I just can't recommend this
controller enough and in fact with this
one and and with this I was like you
know what as you guys know said didn't
send me anything he didn't send me an
email he didn't include a layer with
that box I don't know how much these
things even cost so I was like you know
what if I wanna make a good episode I'm
gonna have to go online and figure out
what they cost I could say hey this was
a great controller and if you want it
you could get it for X amount of dollars
well guess what these two controllers
are not listed oh I think I think these
are pre-production I don't think these
are even for sale yet which I didn't
know what box I was like what the hell
and so I don't even think these are for
sale to the public yet but I did see
that like they do make the USB a version
of this controller you know but for the
original the original Ness variant you
know with red buttons and you know the
black background and everything and the
gray plastic so they do make that one I
think it goes for like 12 bucks and I
gotta say for 12 bucks I mean an Xbox
360 controller goes for what 30 or 40
bucks or something and but for an old
retro controller if you really just want
to play like those old retro games you
know with those systems I just mentioned
I gotta say this is a great way to do it
and for 12 bucks that's nothing I mean
go ahead and get it so I gotta say some
of you were gonna say oh you're
shielding you know 12 bucks that's a
terrible price when you could go on
Alibaba and get one for like 4 bucks no
not at all because
show you what you can get on all you
Baba this is typically the crap that
they get in view on Alibaba you know I
think I there we go just adjust the
camera yeah this is usually the crap
that you get you know on Chinese
websites and let me show you how bad
these are this pretty much has all the
faults of the old gamers Tech NES except
for the d-pad look at how bad the d-pad
is compared to this look at that so look
the d-pad is all thick and look at
bottoms out like in two seconds and then
look at this one again this is the
gamers tech one and look the d-pad it
feels great it doesn't bottom out look
at this look at this I'm putting
pressure on the middle and I get still
moving in all directions now let's take
a look at this one and by the way I
think I've got this controller way back
in the day for like a dollar somewhere
but look you pressure on the button on
the bottom and look I can't move it
anywhere I can't move it anywhere let's
go nowhere guys but yeah and then also
the buttons are too tall look at this
buttons are too tall they just don't
feel right at all and look again the
thunk the thunk and the tap thunk tap
huh you see that yeah so don't trust a
lot of things that you get online but
I'm really glad the gamers tech is
making this kind of stuff
and like I said I don't think these two
controllers are out but I highly
recommend them especially with the Sega
one again I don't have an original Sega
6 button controller the one that was
released like this with the longer grip
but it feels great it feels just great
and you know what there is
Zed's gonna hate this area is one little
nitpicky thing that I have to talk about
on this controller that I totally forgot
about but it's a big one so anyways I
did notice I do have a little bit of a
design flaw I think maybe a
manufacturing flaw on mine because check
this out if I put on the a button right
here if I put a lot of pressure on there
and then do a little diagonal thing
watch this boom the little thing got
stuck see that let's try again
look at that every time it will happen
but again that's only if I put a lot of
pressure on it well not a lot of
pressure just enough to push it down and
diagonal and then it will get stuck
because get this let's see if we can
zoom in on that focusing I mean but I
don't know if you guys will be able to
see it but it seems like there's a
little bit of a little
too much plastic right there on that
edge I think if I took this apart just
filed it down with like a you know a
nail file or something then that would
completely remove the problem but that
is a little nitpick that guy didn't tell
you guys about and I have to be honest
with you guys so that is something that
you guys have to be careful for be
careful with and so I hope that this is
just a little flaw with mine I hope it's
just a little manufacturing bug and it
doesn't affect anybody else but that is
something that I just gotta give a
little heads-up about the that can
happen but again just regular gameplay
you know I was just doing this and it'll
never get stuck you see you'll never get
stuck unless you do that which isn't a
very common move that I make but
whatever if it does happen this is gonna
piss you off the first time it happened
was when I was playing a Tales game for
the game gear and then tails was stuck
in like flying mode I was like what the
hell why is he stuck and yeah it turns
out that the button itself got stuck
right there but I I guess it's good that
it happens on the outside rather than
the inside where I wouldn't be able to
fix it but otherwise it's a good
controller and all of these are great
controllers and I can't recommend them
enough but yeah and just to close off
this video again this is not sponsored
content there is not a sponsor deal
behind this you know I wish I wish there
was a more exciting story then I just
got these in the mail but I'm sorry that
is a story I just got these in the mail
I'm not getting paid for this this
content it's not getting reviewed is
that it's not getting these back no
matter how hard he begs so yeah these
are just my own opinions and if you guys
want to say that you know my opinions
are biased because I got in for free I
mean go ahead but I think I've
accurately represented these controllers
and I will say that it's my honest
opinion that I think that they are worth
getting so again especially though Sega
haha
Sega Jesus Christ I'm screwing up that
Super NES clone I think that is totally
corrected now that it has the right
controller on there so apparently this
company does listen and apparently they
have great support too so even if you
did get one of these with the wonky
little button right there I think that
would take care of you but that's all
the time that we have for today this is
going way too long I will see you next
time thanks for watching guys Mike